Junnon

medium

# Increasing relayerFee can cause mintDepositInQueue() blocked that lead to loss of user fund

## Summary
increasing `relayerFee` can cause `mintDepositInQueue()` always reverted, arbitary user can queue a deposit that greater than current `relayerFee` and lesser than updated `relayerFee` right before timelock updated the relayer fee.
## Vulnerability Detail 
While user have `depositQueue` lesser than `relayerFee`, `mintDepositInQueue()` will revert because of code below:
```js
File: Carousel.sol 
            _mintShares(
                queue[i].receiver,
                _epochId,
                queue[i].assets - relayerFee
            );
```
`queue[i].assets - relayerFee` will be reverted due to underflow and make `depositQueue` that have lower index will be blocked. This issue is not permanent since timelock can reupdate relayer fee again to lower number but timelock need minimum 3 days execute. Then, because `mintDepositInQueue()` have `epochHasNotStarted()` modifier, if in 3 days from the update of `relayerFee`, the epoch started. Then, user fund that blocked will be **loss permanently**.

consider this following scenario:
1. timelock queue `changeRelayerFee` that will change `relayerFee` from 100 to 300.
2. Alice queue deposit as much as 2 ethers.
3. Right before `changeRelayerFee` executed by timelock Bob queue deposit as much as 200 wei.
4. Alice's `depositQueue` will be blocked by Bob's 
5. Admin of timelock realize this issue and queue `changeRelayerFee` back to 100. But the epoch will be started in 2 days 
6. Alice's blocked `depositQueue` will never resolved since epoch has started. Therefore, Alice loss 2 ethers.

## Impact
permanent loss of user fund due to update `relayerFee`, details about the bug already explained above. 

## Code Snippets
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol?plain=1#L306-L355
## Tool used
Manual 
## Recommendation
everytime `relayerFee` need to be updated `depositQueue` should be cleared, CarouselFactory.sol should add `mintDepositInQueue` in `changeRelayerFee`.