roguereddwarf

medium

# Carousel: When a rollover is delisted it can prevent another rollover from being processed

## Summary
Rollovers are removed from the queue using the `Carousel.delistInRollover` function.

When a rollover is removed from the queue, the rollover at the end of the queue is moved to the position where the rollover was removed.

Rollovers are minted from head to tail. This means that when a rollover is moved from the end of the queue to an earlier position in the queue, this earlier position might have already been processed.

 This means that the rollover that was moved to an earlier position will not get processed.

I will show how this can just occur as part of normal operation and without the need for an attacker to deliberately make this happen.

## Vulnerability Detail
First I show how removing an element from the queue works:
Let's say the queue contains the following elements:
```text
  head                tail
    1    2    3    4    5
```

Then element 2 is delisted and element 5 is moved to its position:
```text
  head           tail
    1    5    3    4
```
This occurs by executing the `else` block in the `delistInRollover` function:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L292-L303

The issue comes about because the `mintRollovers` function makes use of a `rolloverAccounting` mapping which keeps track of the next index in the queue that needs to be rolled over:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L453

So say at a point in time all rollovers have been processed and the value in the `rolloverAccounting` mapping points to the next index where there is currently no element:
```text
                 rolloverAccounting
                            |
  head                tail
    1    2    3    4    5
```

Then a new rollover 6 is queued and before it can get executed the element 2 is removed from the queue such that element 6 is moved towards the front of the queue. The queue then looks like this:
```text
                 rolloverAccounting
                            |
  head                tail
    1    6    3    4    5
```

As you can see, the rollover 6 cannot get executed because `rolloverAccounting` is pointing to the end of the queue and rollover 6 has been moved to an earlier position within the queue.

## Impact
Pending rollovers will not get executed if rollovers are delisted which just happens as part of normal operation.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L276-L304

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L361-L459

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
This issue has been discussed with the sponsor but it was not possible to find a good solution with the current implementation of the queue.

It might be necessary to use a linked list implementation such that elements within the list can be removed without affecting the rest of the list.

Instead of pointing to an index, the `rolloverAccounting` mapping would then point to the next element to be processed directly or to a NULL element if the linked list is empty or all elements have been processed.
If the implementation is changed from a primitive array to a linked list there are further changes necessary to keep the state correctly updated so a broader refactoring would be necessary.