immeas

medium

# executed rollovers can be delisted which trades places with last unexecuted one

## Summary
A user can intentionally or unintentionally cause unexecuted rollovers not to rolled over to next epoch.

## Vulnerability Detail
Similar to [this issue](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K-0ximmeas/issues/5). 

Rollovers are performed in a queue system where each epoch has a counter how many have been executed:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L372

Imagine a queue where there are two executed rollovers for a certain epoch and two unexecuted rollovers, The `rolloverAccounting[_epochId]` index will point at 2 being the next one:

| Index | user  | rollover   |
| ----- | ----- |----------- |
| 0     | Alice | executed   |
| 1     | Bob   | executed   |
| 2     | Eve   | unexecuted |
| 3     | Steve | unexecuted |

Now lets look at the code that delists:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L294-L300

If Alice delists it will move the last index (Steve) to Alice index and remove the last, making the queue look like this:

| Index | user  | rollover   |
| ----- | ----- |----------- |
| 0     | Steve | unexecuted |
| 1     | Bob   | executed   |
| 2     | Eve   | unexecuted |

Since `rolloverAccounting[_epochId]` points at Eve, and only increase per epoch Steve will miss out on this rollover.

This can happen unintentionally but Alice can also do this intentionally. Since anyone can perform rollovers, Alice can create multiple accounts with deposits "early" then perform rollovers just past the last fake account. Delist a lot of accounts which will deny users their rollovers and participate in the next epoch on either side. The deposits just have to be more than `relayerFee` as they don't need to be rolled over, just have an index in the queue.

## Impact
Same as [this](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K-0ximmeas/issues/5). It will not only prevent a round of emissions for a user but more importantly, can prevent a valuable position being rolled over. Increasing the shares to other positions and denying someone their share. Especially valuable if a depeg happens and someone is denied their insurance.

If this happens, a user can still delist themselves and re-list. However since rollover is an "afk"-feature it is unlikely they keep track on which index they have and will take action if this happens.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L294-L300

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use a linked list instead of trading places. If the `rolloverAccounting[_epochId]` is higher than the index removed, decrease `rolloverAccounting[_epochId]` one.