mstpr-brainbot

high

# Rollover Queue Underflow Prevents User Participation in Subsequent Epochs

## Summary
An underflow issue in the rollover queue causes users to be unable to participate in subsequent epochs. When users join the rollover queue and the "mintRolloverQueue" function is called, it can lead to an incorrect rollover accounting value. This issue prevents some users from minting their rollover queue, effectively locking them out of participation in the current epoch and forcing them to wait for the next epoch.
## Vulnerability Detail
Imagine there are three users in the rollover queue for epoch4, with epoch5 not yet started: [Alice, Bob, Carol]. Alice and Bob have deposits from epoch2, which they lost, and since this is a premium vault queue, they have nothing to claim other than emission tokens. Let's assume epoch5 deposits are open, and someone calls the "mintRolloverQueue" for all indexes. Alice and Bob won't receive anything since they didn't win their epoch. However, let's assume Carol won her epoch, so she'll be rolled over to epoch5.

After this, rolloverAccounting[5] is set to 3, even though there's only one successful execution. Now, what if Alice or Bob remove themselves from the queue? The new queue will then be: [Carol]. So, Carol is alone. Now imagine that James, who also has epoch4 tokens just like Carol, wants to rollover to epoch5. (He doesn't want to withdraw and burn epoch4 tokens and redeposit to epoch5 due to fees and time-consuming). When James joins the queue, it becomes: [Carol, James]. Now, James wants his epoch5 tokens! However, when he calls "mintRolloverQueue," the function will always revert because of the underflow happening in the specified lines of the code. James can set the operations to a very large number, which would satisfy the if block. However, since rolloverAccounting[5] is 3, it will be higher than the length, preventing James from minting his rollover queue. Even if other people join, it won't fix James's situation!

Let's assume Jake and Anton also join the queue. Now, the queue is: [Carol, James, Jake, Anton]. If you call "mintRolloverQueue" with a large operations number, it will be equal to length - index (4-3) = 1, which means the while loop can only run once, and it must start from index 3, which is Anton! Both James and Jake can't participate in epoch5. They must wait for epoch6.
## Impact
Since this function is ruining the intended behaviour of rolloverQueue I'll consider it as a high finding.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L377-L378
underflow

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L393-L453
index incremented for all iteration in loop and if there is only one execution it will be reflected to the rolloverAccounting mapping
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
