spyrosonic10

medium

# mintRollovers() may skip some items of rolloverQueue if some user delistInRollover

## Summary
`mintRollovers` is a public method which mint for a epochId.  Callers of this method may choose to process a small number of items in the queue at a time.  This method saves index up-to which mint rollover is done in the last call.  `rolloverQueue()` may  never process some items if some users choose to delist from the rollover queue and their position in the queue is less than the last processed index  of `mintRollovers`.

## Vulnerability Detail
Technically users can delist from the rollover queue even after mint rollover already done up-to that index.  When the user delists from rollover it overwrites that item by the last item of the `rolloverQueue` and pops the last item.
```solidity
       	// overwrite the item to be removed with the last item in the queue
       	rolloverQueue[index] = rolloverQueue[length - 1];
        	// remove the last item in the queue
        	rolloverQueue.pop();
```
During this delist process, If the last item of queue being stored at index that is less than `rolloverAccounting[_epochId]` then that item of `rolloverQueue` will never process in `mintRollover` call. This may impact more than 1 item in the queue and depends how many users are delisting from `rolloverQueue`.

## Impact
`mintRollover` method may skip some items of rolloverQueue.  

## Code Snippet
[Carousel.sol#L393-L454](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L393-L454)


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider maintaining `enlist` and `delist` properly.

