evan

medium

# Malicious users can prevent the user at the end of the queue from rolling over

## Summary
By calling delistInRollover under certain conditions, malicious users can prevent the user at the end of the queue from rolling over.

## Vulnerability Detail
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L294
Observe that delistInRollover copies the last element of the queue to the index that needs to be deleted, before popping the last element.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L372
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L453
Also observe that mintRollover saves the last iterated queue entry in `rolloverAccounting[epoch]`, and starts after that entry the next time it's invoked.

If the attacker's queue entry is located before `rolloverAccounting[epoch]` (they can call mintRollovers to increase `rolloverAccounting[epoch]` until this is true), then they can call delistInRollover to move the last entry in the rollover queue into the position of his entry in the queue, causing the receiver of the last entry to miss rollover for 1 epoch.

## Impact
The victim misses a rollover for 1 epoch when this happens. I would say this qualifies as a vulnerability since it deviates from the behavior expected by the clients, causing them to miss out on an epoch worth of protection or premium. 

If a user has deposited in the current active epoch, then there is a financial incentive for them to perform this attack - it reduces the total assets deposited into this epoch, allowing them to get a [greater share](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/VaultV2.sol#L366) of funds when they withdraw.

## Code Snippet
See Vulnerability Detail.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
In delistInRollover, rollover the last entry of the queue to the current active epoch (if possible) before moving it elsewhere.

