roguereddwarf

high

# Carousel: minting ERC1155 performs callback which can cause revert and brick rollover queue and deposit queue which leads to complete loss of funds in the deposit queue

## Summary
The `Carousel` contract makes use of a rollover queue and a deposit queue.

Both queues are processed sequentially (rollover queue is processed head to tail, deposit queue is processed tail to head) and when processing one element fails all elements after that cannot be processed (i.e. there is no error handling in place).

In the case of both queues, when an element is processed, ERC1155 tokens are minted.

The developer did not know that a callback is performed when ERC1155 tokens are minted (https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/1a60b061d5bb809c3d7e4ee915c77a00b1eca95d/contracts/token/ERC1155/ERC1155.sol#L277).

## Vulnerability Detail
I will explain this issue based on the deposit queue. It is the same for the rollover queue but the issue is more severe for the deposit queue since deposits cannot be cancelled but rollovers can be.

So in the case of the deposit queue there is a loss of funds, in the case of the rollover queue there is not.

So a deposit can be queued by setting the epoch id to `0` when doing a deposit.

Deposits from the queue are then minted using the `mintDepositInQueue` function:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L310-L355

The queue is a LIFO queue meaning that it is processed from tail to head.

Also each deposit contains a call to `_mintShares` which downstream calls the `ERC1155._mint` function. And this performs a callback to the `onERC1155Received` function of the receiver (https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/1a60b061d5bb809c3d7e4ee915c77a00b1eca95d/contracts/token/ERC1155/ERC1155.sol#L447-L466).

So an attacker can queue a deposit with a malicious contract as receiver that reverts when it is called.

This blocks all previously queued deposits and leads to a loss of funds. 

## Impact
The issue is most severe in the case of the deposit queue.
Pending deposits cannot be cancelled and deposits are processed from tail to head.

So an attacker can put a deposit in the queue and make the receiver a malicious contract that reverts when it receives ERC1155 tokens.

Then any previous deposits in the queue cannot be processed and since the deposits cannot be cancelled all funds will be lost.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/1a60b061d5bb809c3d7e4ee915c77a00b1eca95d/contracts/token/ERC1155/ERC1155.sol#L277

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L310-L355

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L361-L459

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
This issue has been discussed with the sponsor.
Probably the best solution is to implement error handling and send the funds of the failed deposit to the treasury such that a user that makes such mistake (the callback fails) can file a request and get the funds back.

It is not possible to just send the funds back because we do not know if the funds were deposited as ETH or WETH so we might send back tokens that the depositor cannot accept.

In the case of the rollover queue the bad rollover can just be removed from the queue because the user can withdraw the funds himself.