mstpr-brainbot

high

# Incomplete Smart Contract Receiver: Potential Stuck DepositQueue in Epoch Vault

## Summary
A potential issue has been identified in the depositQueue of the Epoch Vault. If a user deposits tokens with a receiver set as a smart contract that lacks the 'onERC1155Received' function, it may cause the depositQueue to become stuck. This would prevent earlier depositors in the queue from resolving their deposits as well, leading to a disruption in the minting process for the affected users.
## Vulnerability Detail
If a user deposits into an epoch vault and sets the '_receiver' as a smart contract that lacks the 'onERC1155Received' function, and if this deposit ends up in the depositQueue, the depositQueue could become stuck. As a result, users who are in the queue before the depositor would be unable to process their depositQueue, along with the depositor themselves.

Example:
Consider a scenario where there are two people in the depositQueue as follows:
[(50 * 1e18 tokens, Alice, 0), (100 * 1e18 tokens, Bob, 0)]

Now, suppose a user deposits 1*1e18 tokens with the '_receiver' set as a smart contract that does not have the 'onERC1155Received' function. The user will be added to the end of the queue (considering user does not wants to immediate deposit either because it is not possible or he does not choose to do), resulting in the following:
[(50 * 1e18 tokens, Alice, 0), (100 * 1e18 tokens, Bob, 0), (1e18 tokens, User, 0)]

When the new epoch opens, someone would attempt to call mintDepositQueue, starting from the last index, which is the user. However, the _mintShares function will fail for the User because the '_receiver' is a smart contract that lacks the necessary transfer hook. The ERC1155 _mint function does invoke the hook, as seen in the OpenZeppelin ERC1155 contract: https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/1a60b061d5bb809c3d7e4ee915c77a00b1eca95d/contracts/token/ERC1155/ERC1155.sol#L277

That means both Alice and Bob's tokens are stucked forever in the queue since there are no way to unwind from the depositQueue !

## Impact
HIGH
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L330-L338
Here will revert and loop will terminate such that the depositQueue won't be moving 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L78-L118
Deposit function does not check whether the receiver is smart contract that has the `onERC115Received` hook
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Check if the receiver is a contract, and if it's a contract check for the erc1155 hook implementation.