immeas

medium

# malicious contract can make minting queued items very expensive

## Summary
An attacker can deploy a contract that consumes a lot of gas on `onERC1155Received` that makes minting rollovers and deposits very expensive.

## Vulnerability Detail
Similar to [the mint deposit revert issue](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K-0ximmeas/issues/9) where a malicious contract is deployed and used as receiver.

If the receiver is a contract, minting ERC1155 will call `onERC1155Received` on the receiving contract. Imagine an attacker deploys a contract that in `onERC1155Received` does a lot of gas costly things:
```solidity
pragma solidity 0.8.17;

contract QueueDoS {
    function onERC1155Received(address , address , uint256 , uint256 , bytes calldata ) external pure returns (bytes4) {
        // do very expensive gas things, like minting deposits and rollovers on other vaults
        // or similar gas-refunded things on other protocols
    }
}
```
This could be minting in other Carousel vaults or other similar setups in different protocols where `msg.sender` is compensated for gas.

This only costs `relayerFee + 1` to deposit and an additional `relayerFee` per rollover. But it is not impossible to imagine that there are enough protocols where you can do gas refunded things for this to pay for itself. 

## Impact
A relayer can get a unexpectedly high gas cost for minting rollovers/deposits, greater than `relayerFee` disincentivizing minting rollovers and deposits. Possibly also make a profit of this payed by the relayer.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L437

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L536

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Have a max gas cost (`< relayerFee`) for minting both rollovers and deposits. And also a way for users to [withdraw their queued deposits](issue-12) (that might have failed due to gas cost and exotic wallets as an example).

There's always the option to deposit during the deposit window where the user will pay the gas needed to mint their shares.