0xRobocop

medium

# Arbitrary number on the relayer fee condition can cause problems on tokens with few decimals

## Summary

The protocol sets a `relayerFee`, this fee is paid to a 'relayer' for each `operation` when calling `mintRollovers()` and `mintDepositQueue()`, this fee can be become too costly on `underlyingAssets` with few decimals.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `relayerFee` cannot be smaller than 10_000. This is enforced on [CarouselFactory.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/CarouselFactory.sol#L167) when trying to change the `relayerFee` and on the constructor of [Carousel.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L52)

The reason for this is to not be able to set a too low `relayerFee`. But for ERC20 tokens with few decimals used as `underlyingAsset`  this can become too costly. For example is known that USDC and USDT both have 6 decimals, and WBTC has 8 decimals. 

## Impact

For example, if WBTC wanted to be used as `underlyingAsset` for premiums and collaterals, then the minimum `relayerFee` is 0.0001 WBTC (1 WBTC is represented as 100_000_000, 8 decimals). WBTC is trading at 27_000 usd at the time this issue was written, this will yield a `relayerFee` with a value of 2.7 usd (0.0001 * 27_000), and this fee is paid for each entry processed of the `depositQueue` or `rolloverQueue`.

Although the vulnerability does not cause a loss of funds, it can cause that any marketId (a combination of a token and a strike-price) with a too high `relayerFee` to not be used by users. As well that can be seen (from the check of the relayerFee not being too low) that the Y2K Finance team wants to find a economic balance on this parameter.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L52

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/CarouselFactory.sol#L167
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

When deciding on what is a too low or a too high `relayerFee` take into account the decimals the `underlyingAsset` has.

