Saeedalipoor01988

medium

# The use of the platform can be disrupted if access to Chainlink oracle data feed is blocked

## Summary
Based on the current implementation, for getting a token's price, the protocol should use Chainlink oracle data feed. but As https://blog.openzeppelin.com/secure-smart-contract-guidelines-the-dangers-of-price-oracles/ mentions, it is possible that Chainlink’s "multisigs can immediately block access to price feeds at will".

## Vulnerability Detail
Based on the current implementation, for getting a token's price, the protocol should use Chainlink oracle data feed. but As https://blog.openzeppelin.com/secure-smart-contract-guidelines-the-dangers-of-price-oracles/ mentions, it is possible that Chainlink’s "multisigs can immediately block access to price feeds at will".

When this occurs, executing ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#L273.getLatestPrice() will revert so calling the viewPrice and getPrice functions also revert, which causes denial of service.

Therefore, to prevent denial of service scenarios, it is recommended to query Chainlink price feeds using a defensive approach with Solidity’s try/catch structure. In this way, if the call to the price feed fails, the caller contract is still in control and can handle any errors safely and explicitly.

## Impact
the contract will call the triggerDepeg function in the ControllerPeggedAssetV2 contract to Trigger depeg event based on the token price. to getfresh price of token, we need to get the price from the Chainlink oracle data feed.

but As https://blog.openzeppelin.com/secure-smart-contract-guidelines-the-dangers-of-price-oracles/ mentions, it is possible that Chainlink’s "multisigs can immediately block access to price feeds at will". 

When this occurs, executing ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#L273.getLatestPrice() will revert so calling the viewPrice and getPrice functions also revert, which causes denial of service in getPositionValue and getDebtValue functions.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Controllers/ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#L273

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Surround the call to latestRoundData() with try/catch instead of calling it directly. In a scenario where the call reverts, the catch block can be used to call a fallback oracle or handle the error in any other suitable way.