Saeedalipoor01988

medium

# call to _calculateFeePercent in Carousel.sol#L508 contract can get revert

## Summary
Transaction to _calculateFeePercent at Carousel.sol#L508 to calculate deposit fee can get reverted if epochBegin and epochCreation are same.

## Vulnerability Detail
to create new epoch and config it, we use _setEpoch function at VaultFactoryV2.sol#L175 contract. this function get data from _epochConfig input and use them for epochBegin, epochEnd and epochId in the setEpoch function at VaultV2.sol#L222.

>         epochConfig[_epochId] = EpochConfig({
>             epochBegin: _epochBegin,
>             epochEnd: _epochEnd,
>             epochCreation: uint40(block.timestamp)
>         });
> 

in the setEpoch function at VaultV2.sol#L222, before set epoch data, there is not any check that _epochBegin is greather than uint40(block.timestamp) or epochCreation. So it is possible that these two values are entered the same.

To calculates fee percent based on time we use _epochBegin  and epochCreation at _calculateFeePercent in Carousel.sol#L508 contract.

> 
>         _y = uint256( // cast to uint256
>             ((((maxY) / **(maxX - minX))** * (int256(block.timestamp) - maxX)) +
>                 maxY) / (int256(FixedPointMathLib.WAD)) // two point math // scale down
>         );

in the function we substract the value of epochCreation from _epochBegin. **(maxX - minX))**. if these two values are entered the same, answer is 0 and call to _calculateFeePercent in Carousel.sol#L508 contract can get revert.

## Impact
in the function _calculateFeePercent in Carousel.sol#L508 contract we substract the value of epochCreation from _epochBegin. if these two values are entered the same, answer is 0 and call to _calculateFeePercent in Carousel.sol#L508 contract can get revert.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L521
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/VaultFactoryV2.sol#L175
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/VaultV2.sol#L222

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
add validation to check that epochBegin is greather than epochCreation and then you can use unchecked block to save gas !