Saeedalipoor01988

high

# User will receive a smaller amount of tokens than the actual amount because of rounding down in the previewEmissionsWithdraw and previewWithdraw

## Summary
User will receive a smaller amount of tokens than the actual amount because of rounding down in the previewEmissionsWithdraw and previewWithdraw.

## Vulnerability Detail
in the function withdraw, the amount of the emissionsToken to get transfer to the user in the Carousel.sol#L157 is calculation by previewEmissionsWithdraw at line Carousel.sol#L635.

>     function previewEmissionsWithdraw(uint256 _id, uint256 _assets)
>         public
>         view
>         returns (uint256 entitledAmount)
>     {
>         entitledAmount = _assets.mulDivDown(emissions[_id], finalTVL[_id]);
>     }

As you can see this function is rounding down. so it's possible user receive a smaller amount of tokens than the actual amount.
The same problem is happening in the Carousel.sol#L159, calculating entitledShares for user. 

>     entitledShares = previewWithdraw(_id, _assets);
> 
>     function previewWithdraw(
>         uint256 _id,
>         uint256 _assets
>     ) public view override(SemiFungibleVault) returns (uint256 entitledAmount) {
>         // entitledAmount amount is derived from the claimTVL and the finalTVL
>         // if user deposited 1000 assets and the claimTVL is 50% lower than finalTVL, the user is entitled to 500 assets
>         // if user deposited 1000 assets and the claimTVL is 50% higher than finalTVL, the user is entitled to 1500 assets
>         entitledAmount = _assets.mulDivDown(claimTVL[_id], finalTVL[_id]);
>     }

based on the other share based smart contracts similar than eip-4626, previewWithdraw should get round up. 

## Impact
previewEmissionsWithdraw function and previewWithdraw function are rounding down. so it's possible user receive a smaller amount of tokens than the actual amount.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L157
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L635

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L159
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/VaultV2.sol#L357

## Tool used
Manual Review
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-sense-judging/issues/30

## Recommendation
Round up in previewWithdraw and previewEmissionsWithdraw.