ltyu

medium

# Created vaults do not check strike price

## Summary
Currently, vaults can be created with any strike price, even one that is below the current strike. This means that vaults can be created as a depegged vault (or close to it). If the price is low enough, these vaults will most likely resolve as depegged (or vice-versa, if the `strike` is set too high, depeg may never happen). Collateral depositors will have no chance of recovering their funds. Furthermore, Carousels may lose emission deposits.

## Vulnerability Detail
Let's consider the scenario where `strike` price is created below the Oracle price. This can be done mistakenly by the admin, e.g. fat-finger by putting the USDC strike price as `1e17` instead of `1e18`, USDC depeg occurs before the vault creation transaction is confirmed, etc. Although, some depositors may catch this and not make deposits, there are still risks that others do.

Furthermore, Carousels entice depositors to rush their deposits in hopes to get the emission bonus through early deposit. In the best case, no deposits are made, but emission tokens are lost as there will be no claimers.

## Impact
This is a medium impact issue as it depends on an admin mistake, which is has a medium likelihood. Tokens are “lost” by Collateral depositors if a vault is created as depegged vault, and does not recover before the end date. If there are no depositors but there are emissions, then emissions are lost.

## Code Snippet
There is no price check in `createNewMarket`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/VaultFactoryV2.sol#L58-L128

As noted, Carousels can be loaded with emissions which may be lost:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/CarouselFactory.sol#L132-L153

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- Consider giving additional protection to depositors by checking that the strike price is **within** the current Oracle price range. Some sort of standard deviation calculation can be used
- A slippage argument to ensure the input price is within the oracle price can be used as well.
