roguereddwarf

medium

# Carousel.mintRollovers function: relayerFee that is subtracted from assets is too high

## Summary
The `Carousel.mintRollovers` function allows to mint rollovers, i.e. rollover deposits from one epoch into the next epoch.
The rollovers are performed by "relayers". 

The relayers receive a `relayerFee` such that they can profitably execute the rollovers.

The issue is that the `relayerFee` that is subtracted from a user's assets (his Vault tokens) is too high which leads to a loss for the user.

## Vulnerability Detail
In order to understand this issue it is necessary to understand the difference between the ERC1155 Vault token (I'll call it Y2K token) and the underlying asset (e.g. WETH).

Say a user deposits 1 WETH. He receives 1 Y2K for it.

The rollover is only executed if the user's Y2K tokens have appreciated, i.e. can be redeemed for `> 1 WETH`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L396-L401

The `relayerFee` is then subtracted from the user's assets (Y2K tokens):
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L436

This is the issue. We know that `relayerFee` amount of Y2K can be redeemed for more than `relayerFee` amount of the underlying asset (i.e. WETH).

We can see that `relayerFee` measures an amount of the underlying asset later in the function:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L456

`relayerFee` determines the amount of the underlying asset (i.e. WETH) that is transferred.

So there is actually a gap between the value we subtract from the user's Y2K tokens and the amount of WETH that is transferred.

The solution is to only subtract an amount `relayerFee' < relayerFee` from the user's Y2K tokens such that the amount `relayerFee'` is what is necessary to redeem `relayerFee` amount of WETH.

## Impact
The `relayerFee` amount that is subtracted from a user's assets is too high because the `relayerFee` amount of assets can be redeemed for an amount `> relayerFee` of the underlying.
This is a loss of funds for the user.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L361-L459

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
A new function should be implemented that calculates the reverse of `VaultV2.previewWithdraw`. Namely how many Y2K vault tokens need to be burnt in order to redeem a given amount of the underlying.

This function can then be used to calculate the correct amount that needs to be subtracted from a user's Y2K vault tokens.