twicek

medium

# After having roll over once a user will not be able to roll over again

## Summary
After having roll over once a user will not be able to roll over again. An attacker can get advantage of this issue to grief other users forcing them to delist their roll over.

## Vulnerability Detail
When a user call `enlistInRollover` to roll over his deposit for the first time a new queue item will get pushed to `rolloverQueue`. A relayer will then call `mintRollovers` and mint the user roll over. After being minted the roll over, if the user decides to roll over his remaining funds he will not be able to calling `enlistInRollover` because the index of his queue item has already been used by a relayer for his first roll over. The queue item will get updated but will not be mintable.

Example:
- Alice call `enlistInRollover` to roll over half of her deposit.
- Bob call `mintRollovers` and mint all roll over until the index of Alice, which is 10th in the `rolloverQueue`.
- Alice call `enlistInRollover` to roll over the other half of her deposit, her queue item is updated but is still 10th in the `rolloverQueue`.
- Bob calling `mintRollovers` will never be able to mint the second roll over of Alice and will start minting from the 11th item in the `rolloverQueue`.

Since the rollover queue is not epoch based, any user can only roll over once and after will never be able to roll over again. The only way to allow users to roll over again is to allow them to push a new queue item in the `rolloverQueue` array.

This can also be used by an attacker to deny any subsequent user in the `rolloverQueue` to roll over.

Example:
- Attacker call `enlistInRollover` to roll over of his deposit.
- Bob call `mintRollovers` and mint all roll over at least until the index of the attacker.
- Attacker call `delistInRollover` to delist his roll over. Doing so, the last user in the `rolloverQueue` will get moved to Attacker's previous index, which cannot be minted anymore.

## Impact
Users cannot roll over several times.
An attacker can deny any subsequent user to get minted their roll over.

## Code Snippet
[enlistInRollover](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L238-L271)

[mintRollovers](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L361-L459)

[delistInRollover](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L276-L304)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider setting `ownerToRollOverQueueIndex[_receiver]` to 0 after a roll over is being minted. This way a new rollover item will be pushed to `rolloverQueue` if a user wants to roll over the other part of his deposited amount.