zeroknots

high

# Admin can steal funds from users by supplying arbitrary insured token

## Summary
Y2K allows the admin to supply both the oracle address and the address of the insured ERC-20 contract. However, the contract does not validate these addresses, creating a vulnerability that can be exploited by a malicious admin to alter the outcome of the hedge and steal users' funds. This issue represents a severe security vulnerability that exposes users to financial risks, undermines the contract's trustworthiness, and potentially renders the contract unfit for its intended purpose.

A malicious acting admin could configure a new market, with any ERC20 token as the ensured asset and name it like a legitimate asset: i.e. "USDC".

This would both break the accuracy of the pricing oracle, but also poison the collection of available markets with a name that is easy to be confused by the user.

Note: The engagement scope defines following assumption: `Admin Should not be able to steal user funds`



## Vulnerability Detail

The Y2K dapp is heavily relying on TheGraph GraphQL API: api.thegraph.com/subgraphs/name/y2k-finance/earthquake-abritrum. It plausible that the names of markets shown in the dapp result from TheGraph data. 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/VaultFactoryV2.sol#L58

This enables an admin to create markets with arbitrary names, that could trick user's to deposit into a vault that does not represent the actual asset name.

```solidity
   emit MarketCreated(
            marketId,
            premium,
            collateral,
            _marketCalldata.underlyingAsset,
            _marketCalldata.token,
            _marketCalldata.name, // admin supplied name
            _marketCalldata.strike,
            _marketCalldata.controller
        );
```

Y2K has no function to remove marketIds


## Impact
Phishing
Loss of Funds

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Asset addresses should be whitelisted by TimeLock / DAO.
Names should be derived from IERC20.name()

