boredpukar

false

# Issues Updated

# Security Assessment Summary

**_review commit hash_ - [736b2e1e51bef6daa6a5ecd1decb7d156316d795](https://github.com/Y2K-Finance/Earthquake/tree/736b2e1e51bef6daa6a5ecd1decb7d156316d795)

The following number of issues were found, categorized by their severity:

- Critical & High: x issues
- Medium: x issues
- Low: 1 issues
- Informational: 3 issues

# Detailed Findings

# [L-01] Complex code structure in function mintRollovers

## Description

[Reference](https://github.com/Y2K-Finance/Earthquake/blob/736b2e1e51bef6daa6a5ecd1decb7d156316d795/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L361) 

The function body contains 97 lines of code. However, no more than 85 lines are allowed for a function call. 
Also, the function execution is too complex as it contains 12 cyclomatic complexity. However, no more than 6 cyclomatic complexity are allowed in a function.

## Recommendations

Break the large function mintRollovers into a smaller function. Try to make the code logic very simple. 

# [I-01] Global import in Carousel contract

## Description

Global import of VaultFactoryV2.sol in Carousel.sol file. [Reference](https://github.com/Y2K-Finance/Earthquake/blob/736b2e1e51bef6daa6a5ecd1decb7d156316d795/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L4)

## Recommendations

Global import of a contract path is not allowed. We should classify import names individually. 

# [I-02] Function Ordering

## Description

External payable function should not be placed after a public function. Function order is incorrect.

[depositETH](https://github.com/Y2K-Finance/Earthquake/blob/736b2e1e51bef6daa6a5ecd1decb7d156316d795/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L101)
[deposit](https://github.com/Y2K-Finance/Earthquake/blob/736b2e1e51bef6daa6a5ecd1decb7d156316d795/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L78)

## Recommendations
function depositETH should be placed before deposit function. Change the order of the function placing.

# [I-03] Magic Numbers

## Description

it is generally considered best practice to avoid using magic numbers in code as they can make the code difficult to understand and maintain. Magic numbers are hardcoded values used in the code that do not have any explanation or context. 

[changeDepositFee](https://github.com/Y2K-Finance/Earthquake/blob/736b2e1e51bef6daa6a5ecd1decb7d156316d795/src/v2/Carousel/CarouselFactory.sol#L186)

## Recommendations

Use named constants or variables to represent these values, which makes the code more readable and easier to update.
uint256 constant MIN_RELAYER_FEE = 10000; // 10000 basis points = 1%
uint256 constant MAX_DEPOSIT_FEE = 250; // 250 basis points = 0.25%



