nobody2018

medium

# triggerDepeg and triggerEndEpoch will revert when the treasury of ControllerPeggedAssetV2 is different from the treasury of the new VaultV2

## Summary

`ControllerPeggedAssetV2.treasury` is initialized by the deployer in the constructor and is immutable. `VaultFactoryV2.treasury` is initialized by the deployer in the constructor and can be changed through governance. When `VaultFactoryV2` is creating a new `VaultV2`, the treasury parameter passed to VaultV2 is `VaultFactoryV2.treasury`. **VaultV2 will set a whitelist for treasury in the constructor**. When `VaultFactoryV2.treasury` is changed, it means that `ControllerPeggedAssetV2.treasury` will no longer be in the whitelist of the new VaultV2. Therefore, when the keeper calls `triggerDepeg` or `triggerEndEpoch` of ControllerPeggedAssetV2, `vault.sendTokens(_epochId, fee, treasury)` will **revert** due to  `revert DestinationNotAuthorized(_receiver)`.

## Vulnerability Detail

Inside `triggerDepeg` and `triggerEndEpoch`, premiumVault or collateralVault will send fee to `ControllerPeggedAssetV2.treasury`. **If the treasury is not in the vault's whitelist, the transaction will fail**. Let's assume the scenario:

1.  `ControllerPeggedAssetV2.treasury` is A, `VaultFactoryV2.treasury` is A.
2.  VaultFactoryV2 creates a new market M1, and the treasury passed to M1_premium_vault and M1_collateral_vault is A, so A is in the whitelist of these two vaults, and everything is ok.
3.  `VaultFactoryV2.treasury` has been changed to B by governance.
4.  VaultFactoryV2 creates a new market M2, and the treasury passed to M2_premium_vault and M2_collateral_vault is B, so B is in the whitelist of these two vaults, but A is not in the whitelist of these two vaults.
5.  The keeper calls `ControllerPeggedAssetV2.triggerDepeg` or `ControllerPeggedAssetV2.triggerEndEpoch` where fee is sent to A, which is reverted due to the whitelist mechanism.

## Impact

`triggerDepeg` and `triggerEndEpoch` will revert.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Controllers/ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#L111

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Controllers/ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#L118

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Controllers/ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#L186

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/VaultFactoryV2.sol#L91

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/VaultFactoryV2.sol#L106

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/VaultV2.sol#L79-L80

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/VaultV2.sol#L316-L317

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Set whitelist for the controller's treasury in the VaultV2 constructor.