Saeedalipoor01988

medium

# Lack of price freshness check in ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#L299.getLatestPrice function allows a stale price to be used

## Summary
ChainlinkOracle should use the updatedAt value from the latestRoundData() function to make sure that the latest answer is recent enough to be used.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the current implementation of  ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#L299.getLatestPrice function, there is no freshness check. This could lead to stale prices being used.

If the market price of the token drops very quickly ("flash crashes"), and Chainlink's feed does not get updated in time, the smart contract will continue to believe the token is worth more than the market value.

Chainlink also advise developers to check for the updatedAt before using the price:

> Your application should track the latestTimestamp variable or use the updatedAt value from the latestRoundData() function to make sure that the latest answer is recent enough for your application to use it. If your application detects that the reported answer is not updated within the heartbeat or within time limits that you determine are acceptable for your application, pause operation or switch to an alternate operation mode while identifying the cause of the delay.


## Impact
A stale price can cause the malfunction in the ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#L51.triggerDepeg function.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Controllers/ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#L299

>         (uint80 roundID, int256 price, , , uint80 answeredInRound) = priceFeed
>             .latestRoundData();
>         uint256 decimals = priceFeed.decimals();
> 
>         if (decimals < 18) {
>             decimals = 10**(18 - (decimals));
>             price = price * int256(decimals);
>         } else if (decimals == 18) {
>             price = price;
>         } else {
>             decimals = 10**((decimals - 18));
>             price = price / int256(decimals);
>         }
> 
>         if (price <= 0) revert OraclePriceZero();
> 
>         if (answeredInRound < roundID) revert RoundIDOutdated();
> 
>         return price;

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
As Chainlink [recommends](https://docs.chain.link/docs/using-chainlink-reference-contracts/#check-the-timestamp-of-the-latest-answer):

    Your application should track the latestTimestamp variable or use the updatedAt value from the latestRoundData() function to make sure that the latest answer is recent enough for your application to use it. If your application detects that the reported answer is not updated within the heartbeat or within time limits that you determine are acceptable for your application, pause operation or switch to an alternate operation mode while identifying the cause of the delay.

    During periods of low volatility, the heartbeat triggers updates to the latest answer. Some heartbeats are configured to last several hours, so your application should check the timestamp and verify that the latest answer is recent enough for your application.


Consider adding the missing freshness check for stale price.

>         require(block.timestamp <= updatedAt + stalePriceDelay, Error.STALE_PRICE);