spyrosonic10

high

# Attacker can earn huge profit and can DDoS null epoch

## Summary
General working of protocol involves 2 vaults, Risk and Premium, for given epoch and there can be 1 of 3 possible outcome at the end of epoch
- Depeg event during epoch
- Epoch ended without depeg
- Null epoch aka at least 1 vault has 0 deposits.

An attacker can deposit assets in an empty vault before epoch ends and thus makes it non-null epoch.

## Vulnerability Detail
An attacker can easily DDoS null epoch by depositing 1 wei on the empty side just before epoch start or even better deposit 1 wei on both sides before epoch start and this will lead to alway non null epoch.

Assume the attacker deposits 1 wei on the empty side and the other side has 100 tokens which leads it to non-null epoch. Now at the end of epoch either depeg will be observed or epoch will end without depeg and if the attacker happens to be on the winning side then it will be a huge profit for the attacker.

## Impact
Attacker will earn huge profit with little to no cost.

## Code Snippet
`triggerNullEpoch` => [ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#L208-L264](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Controllers/ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#L208-L264)

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
At the core this can be solved using some type of limit on each user's deposit or total vault deposits.
Below are a few possible fixes.
- Consider epoch as null epoch if `totalAssets(_epochId)` in any of two vault is below lower limit.  Lower limit is set greater than 0.
- Minimum deposit limit for each user