libratus

medium

# Depeg cannot be triggered if asset restores its peg after a short depeg

## Summary
Vault token can fall below strike price and then rise back up. Theoretically, it can happen for only a few blocks and the `triggerDepeg` function may not be called on the controller. Then, it will be impossible to trigger depeg after the price is restored.

## Vulnerability Detail
[`triggerDepeg`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Controllers/ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#L51) function can only succeed if the current asset price is below the strike price
 ```solidity
        int256 price = getLatestPrice(premiumVault.token());

        if (int256(premiumVault.strike()) <= price)
            revert PriceNotAtStrikePrice(price);
```
Latest round value is used from chainlink to get the current price
```solidity
        (uint80 roundID, int256 price, , , uint80 answeredInRound) = priceFeed
            .latestRoundData();
```

To perform a strike, the contract relies on calling `triggerDepeg` function during the de-peg event. However, if the event is short-lived and the peg restores quickly, the strike may not be executed. Let's say there is a background job that monitors prices and calls `triggerDepeg`. The job may fail to execute the call for a number of reasons:
- The job went down for that period of time or encountered networking issues
- Problems with the RPC endpoint
- Network is overloaded (not out of the question during black swan events)

By the protocol design, when de-peg happens, the epoch has to end. In practice, this may not always happen, because the protocol doesn't allow triggering depeg based on historic Chainlink values.

## Impact
Hedge depositors may lose their rewards if `triggerDepeg` isn't called during a short de-peg event.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Controllers/ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#LL64-L65C49

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Allow users to provide `roundId` to `triggerDepeg` function. Instead of making a Chainlink call to `latestRoundData()` use `getRoundData(roundId)` and validate that the round is within bounds of the epoch. Refer to Chainlink documentation:
https://docs.chain.link/data-feeds/historical-data/#historical-rounds