ElKu

high

# triggerEndEpoch function doesn't check for the depeg event before resolving the epoch

## Summary

[ControllerPeggedAssetV2](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Controllers/ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol) has functions which can be used to resolve a particular epoch when its depegged, or on an epoch expiry or when one of the vaults has zero funds. 

When the token is depegged, the function [triggerDepeg](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Controllers/ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#L51) is supposed to be called, which checks if the strike price has been hit before proceeding with the resolving of the epoch. And the function [triggerEndEpoch](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Controllers/ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#L144) is called when the epoch has ended without a depeg event. The issue is that there is no check in this function, to make sure that the depeg has not occurred. This leads to a possible manipulation, though the chances of occurring it might not be that high.

## Vulnerability Detail

`triggerDepeg` function checks the depeg event like this:

```solidity
        int256 price = getLatestPrice(premiumVault.token());

        if (int256(premiumVault.strike()) <= price)
            revert PriceNotAtStrikePrice(price);
```

But there is no such check provided in the `triggerEndEpoch` function. It simply assumes that, if someone has called this function, depeg hasn't occured. 

Though most of the times this will not cause an issue. Because the function can pass through only when the epoch is expired. But if the expiry of the epoch is close to a depeg event, then users can only hope for the best. 

## Impact

Users who wouldn't benefit from a depeg event(collateral depositors), can call this function and escape the loss of their collateral.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
        int256 price = getLatestPrice(premiumVault.token());

        if (int256(premiumVault.strike()) <= price)
            revert PriceNotAtStrikePrice(price);
```

## Tool used

Manual Review, VSCode.

## Recommendation

Add the following check similar to the one in `triggerDepeg` function, to make sure that the current price hasn't touched the strike price.

```solidity
        int256 price = getLatestPrice(premiumVault.token());

        if (int256(premiumVault.strike()) > price)
            revert PriceAtStrikePrice(price);
```
