0xnirlin

medium

# User funds lost because they can’t withdraw() their funds before epoch startTime and they are stuck in positions that become unprofitable even when epoch is not started

## Summary
Users deposit their funds in Vault when epoch is not started but as other users deposit funds too or price of pegged token changes, users get different risk to reward. And they may want to withdraw their funds before epoch start time to get out of bad position, but there is no logic in code to give them ability to withdraw their funds before epoch start time.

## Vulnerability Detail
`Withdraw()` function in Vault only allows users to withdraw after epoch ends and there is no logic in the contract to allow users to withdraw their funds before epoch start time.

After users deposit their funds, the risk to reward ratio of their investment changes as other users deposit funds in one of the Vaults and user may wants to withdraw their funds if they saw that position is bad for them or maybe the price of that token has been changed dramatically before epoch `startTime` and users wants to withdraw. But, there is no functionality that gives users the ability to withdraw their funds before epoch start time and users lose control of their funds after depositing and before epoch start time. As epoch is not started yet, users should be able to withdraw their funds but there is no such functionality in the code.

## Impact
User get stuck in undesirable position have to participate even if the asset has depegged before epoch start.


## Code Snippet
This modifier `epochHasEnded(id)` do not let withdraw before epoch start time, there should be logic included to let user withdraw before epoch start.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/VaultV2.sol#L158
```solidity
    function withdraw(
        uint256 _id,
        uint256 _assets,
        address _receiver,
        address _owner
    )
        external
        virtual
        override(SemiFungibleVault)
        epochIdExists(_id)
        epochHasEnded(_id)
        nonReentrant
        returns (uint256 shares)
    {
        if (_receiver == address(0)) revert AddressZero();

        if (
            msg.sender != _owner &&
            isApprovedForAll(_owner, msg.sender) == false
        ) revert OwnerDidNotAuthorize(msg.sender, _owner);

        _burn(_owner, _id, _assets);

        uint256 entitledShares;

        if (epochNull[_id] == false) {
            entitledShares = previewWithdraw(_id, _assets);
        } else {
            entitledShares = _assets;
        }
        if (entitledShares > 0) {
            SemiFungibleVault.asset.safeTransfer(_receiver, entitledShares);
        }

        emit Withdraw(
            msg.sender,
            _receiver,
            _owner,
            _id,
            _assets,
            entitledShares
        );

        return entitledShares;
    }
```


## Tool used

Foundry - Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add some logic to give users the ability to withdraw funds before epoch start time.
