Udsen

medium

# USER FUNDS ARE LOCKED IN THE CONTRACT UNTIL THE DEGPEG EVENT OCCURS, EPOCH EXPIRED OR NULL EPOCH OCCURS

## Summary

User is required to deposit the funds before the start of the `epoch` and are not allowed to withdraw their respective assets until the `epoch` has been resolved or expired.

## Vulnerability Detail

The user is required to deposit the funds before the start of the `epoch`. This is handled in the `VaultV2.sol` contract `deposit` function. It uses the `epochHasNotStarted(_id)` modifier to enact this condition.

The user is only allowed to withdraw the entitled assets only after the epoch has ended. This restriction is implemented in the `withdraw` function of the `VaultV2.sol` contract by using the `epochHasEnded(_id)` modifier. 

`epochHasEnded(_id)` modifier passes only when the epoch is resolved. There are three scenarios under which the epoch will resolved. These three scenarios are `triggerDepeg`, `triggerEndEpoch` and `triggerNullEpoch`. So the user will be withdraw his deposited funds and his winnings only after one of above three scenarios are triggered.

## Impact

User funds and winnings will be locked since the time of deposit until the time the epoch has been resolved. So if the user is required to withdraw his or her funds shortly after depositing due to any reason such as nominal value of his assets decreasing or wanting his assets for another emergency utility he will not be able to withdraw.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
    function deposit(
        uint256 _id,
        uint256 _assets,
        address _receiver
    )
        public
        virtual
        override(SemiFungibleVault)
        epochIdExists(_id)
        epochHasNotStarted(_id)
        nonReentrant
    {
    ...
     }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/VaultV2.sol#L102

```solidity
    function withdraw(
        uint256 _id,
        uint256 _assets,
        address _receiver,
        address _owner
    )
        external
        virtual
        override(SemiFungibleVault)
        epochIdExists(_id)
        epochHasEnded(_id)
        nonReentrant
        returns (uint256 shares)
    {
     ...
    }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/VaultV2.sol#L158    

## Tool used

VSCode and Manual Review

## Recommendation

Make it possible for the depositor to withdraw his deposits in case of emergency before the epoch starts. A new function should be defined in the `VaultV2.sol` to make the withdrawal possible before the epoch start time. 
