Udsen

medium

# `changeRelayerFee` SHOULD BE CONTROLLED BY A TIMELOCK, ELSE USER TRANSACTION COULD BE REVERTED

## Summary

In the `Carousel.sol` contract the `changeRelayerFee` function is used to change the `relayerFee` value of the contract. `relayerFee` is a critical value in the contract since both `deposit` and `depositETH` functions are restricted by the `minRequiredDeposit(_assets)` modifier. This modifier reverts if the depositing assets amount is less than the `relayerFee`. Hence the asset amount deposited using the `deposit` or the `depositETH` functions should be more than the `relayerFee`.

## Vulnerability Detail

So the current fund deposit transactions could be reverted under following conditions

1. The `relayerFee` is changed by the `CarouselFactory.sol` contract by calling the `changeRelayerFee` function.
2. `relayerFee` is changed to a higher value than the existing `relayerFee` value.
3. Above transaction front runs the current transactions which are trying to deposit funds to the contract using the old relayerFee.
4. So when the deposit transactions are executed they are checked against the new `relayerFee`, even though the deposits were made during the time old `relayerFee` was existent.

 ## Impact
 
So when the pending deposit transactions in the mempool are executed they are checked against the new `relayerFee` and could be reverted if the new `relayerFee` is more than the amount that the user is depositing. In this case not only the user loses his transaction gas fee but also will be confused as to why his transaction got reverted.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
    function deposit(
        uint256 _id,
        uint256 _assets,
        address _receiver
    )
        public
        override(VaultV2)
        epochIdExists(_id)
        epochHasNotStarted(_id)
        minRequiredDeposit(_assets)
        nonReentrant
    {
     ...
    }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L87

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L107

```solidity
    function changeRelayerFee(uint256 _relayerFee) external onlyFactory {
        relayerFee = _relayerFee;
    }
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L602-L604

## Tool used

VSCode and Manual Review

## Recommendation

Apply a time lock functionality for the `changeRelayerFee` function, so the `relayerFee` change will only take place after a delay so user will have enough to time to prepare for the change.
