zeroknots

medium

# Mismatch Interface and Code: ICarousel.sol

## Summary
The smart contract audited, written in Solidity, contains an interface definition with incorrect spelling or missing in the function names compared to the actual implementation.

This discrepancy results in different function signatures, which in turn leads to integration failures when attempting to use the interface with other contracts or systems. This issue constitutes a functional vulnerability that can hinder the correct operation of the smart contract and limit its usability, potentially causing loss of functionality and undermining user confidence in the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

ICarousel.sol is missing or misspelling several function definitions implemented by Carousel.sol

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/interfaces/ICarousel.sol#L4

missing functions:
```solidity
    // @audit no deposit() function

    //@audit no withdraw() function

    //@audit no safeTransferFrom() function
```

misspelled functions:
```solidity
    // @audit typo. should be "enlistInRollover"
    function enListInRollover(uint256 _assets, uint256 _epochId, address _receiver) external;

    // @audit typo. should be "delistInRollover"
    function deListInRollover(address _receiver) external;

```

## Impact

Integration Failure: Contracts or systems attempting to interact with the audited contract through the interface will fail due to the discrepancy in function signatures.
Loss of Functionality: The incorrect function signatures can prevent the contract from performing its intended operations when interacting with other contracts or systems, rendering it less effective.
Reduced Usability: Users may find it difficult to use the contract, as the incorrect interface definition could lead to unexpected behavior or require manual adjustments in the code.

## Code Snippet


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Correct the spelling errors in the interface definition to match the actual implementation. Ensure that the function names and their respective signatures are consistent across both the interface and implementation. This will help to prevent integration issues and preserve the intended functionality.


Implement automated testing to catch any discrepancies in function signatures between the interface and implementation, reducing the likelihood of future vulnerabilities.


Consider using a linter or other code quality tools to identify and correct typographical errors and maintain code quality. This will help to prevent future instances of such issues and improve the overall robustness of the smart contract
