0xbrett8571

high

# Unauthorized users can enlist and delist from the rollover queue.

## Summary
The `enlistInRollover` and `delistInRollover` functions of the contract are vulnerable to a privilege escalation attack, while both functions check if the sender is approved by the owner, they do not check if the sender is the owner and this could allow unauthorized users to enroll or remove themselves from the rollover queue.
This vulnerability can be used to cause a denial-of-service attack or modify the order of queue execution.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `enlistInRollover` and `delistInRollover` functions check whether the sender is approved by the owner but do not check if the sender is the owner, this could allow unauthorized users to enlist or delist from the rollover queue.

Here is the detailed of the vulnerability in the code:

1. The `enlistInRollover` function checks if the sender is approved by the owner but does not check if the sender is the owner. This can be seen in the following line of code:
```solidity
if (
    msg.sender != _receiver &&
    isApprovedForAll(_receiver, msg.sender) == false
) revert OwnerDidNotAuthorize(msg.sender, _receiver);
```
2. Similarly, the `delistInRollover` function also checks if the sender is approved by the owner but does not check if the sender is the owner. This can be seen in the following line of code:
```solidity
if (
    msg.sender != _owner &&
    isApprovedForAll(_owner, msg.sender) == false
) revert OwnerDidNotAuthorize(msg.sender, _owner);
```
Therefore, an unauthorized user could call these functions with someone else's address, bypassing the requirement of being the owner of the address.

## Impact
Unauthorized users can enroll or remove themselves from the rollover queue, possibly causing a denial-of-service attack or changing the order of queue execution.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L243-L247
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L279-L283

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
My recommendation id to the `enlistInRollover` and `delistInRollover` functions should be updated to check if the sender is the owner.

This can be done by adding a simple require statement that checks if `msg.sender` is equal to the owner.
For example, in the `enlistInRollover` function, the check can be added right before the existing check which ensures that the sender is approved by the owner. 
Similarly, in the `delistInRollover` function, the check can be added right before the existing check which ensures that the sender is approved by the owner.

Code snippet for enlistInRollover:
```solidity
// check if sender is the owner
require(msg.sender == owner, "Sender is not the owner");

// check if sender is approved by owner
if (
    msg.sender != _receiver &&
    isApprovedForAll(_receiver, msg.sender) == false
) revert OwnerDidNotAuthorize(msg.sender, _receiver);
// rest of the function code
```
And for the for delistInRollover:

```solidity
// check if sender is the owner
require(msg.sender == owner, "Sender is not the owner");

// check if user has already queued up a rollover
if (ownerToRollOverQueueIndex[_owner] == 0) revert NoRolloverQueued();
// check if sender is approved by owner
if (
    msg.sender != _owner &&
    isApprovedForAll(_owner, msg.sender) == false
) revert OwnerDidNotAuthorize(msg.sender, _owner);

// rest of the function code
```