nobody2018

medium

# Malicious user can make rolloverQueue never get processed

## Summary

`rolloverQueue` is **shared by all epochs**. For each round of epoch, `mintRollovers` will process `rolloverQueue` from the beginning. A normal user calls `enlistInRollover` to enter the rolloverQueue, and in the next round of epoch, he will call `delistInRollover` to exit the rolloverQueue. In this case, `rolloverQueue.length` is acceptable. However, malicious user can make the `rolloverQueue.length` huge, causing the relayer to **consume a huge amount of gas for every round of epoch**. Carousel will send relayerFee to relayer in order to encourage external relayer to call `mintRollovers`. Malicious user can make external relayer unwilling to call `mintRollovers`. **Ultimately, rolloverQueue will never be processed.**

## Vulnerability Detail

Let's assume the following scenario:

**relayerFee is 1e18**. The current epochId is E1, and the next epochId is E2. At present, `rolloverQueue` has 10 normal user `QueueItem`. Bob has deposited 1000e18 assets before the start of E1, so `balanceOf(bob, E1) = 1000e18`.

1.  Bob creates 1000 addresses, each address has `setApprovalForAll` to bob. He calls two functions for each address:
    
    `Carousel.safeTransferFrom(bob, eachAddress, E1, 1e18)`
    
    `Carousel.enlistInRollover(E1, 1e18, eachAddress)`, **1e18 equal to minRequiredDeposit**.
    
2.  `rolloverQueue.length` equals to 1010(1000+10). 
    

These 1000 addresses will **never** call `delistInRollover` to exit the rolloverQueue, so no matter whether these addresses win or lose, **their QueueItem will always be in the rolloverQueue**. In each round of epoch, the relayer has to process at least 1000 QueueItems, and these QueueItems are useless. **Malicious users only need to do it once to cause permanent affects**. 

**When a normal user loses in a certain round of epoch, he may not call delistInRollover to exit the rolloverQueue**. For example, he left the platform and stopped playing. **In this case, rolloverQueue.length will become larger and larger as time goes by**.

**Carousel contract will not send any relayerFee to the relayer, because these useless QueueItem will not increase the value of  [[executions](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L447)](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L447). Obviously, calling `mintRollovers` has no benefit for the relayer. Therefore, no relayer is willing to do this.**

## Impact

The relayer consumes a huge amount of gas for calling `mintRollovers` for each round of epoch. **In other words, as long as the rolloverQueue is unacceptably long, it is a permanent DOS**.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L361-L459

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L238-L271

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

We should change the single queue to **queue mapping**. In this way, relayer only needs to process the queue corresponding to the epochId.

```solidity
--- a/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol
+++ b/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol
@@ -23,7 +23,7 @@ contract Carousel is VaultV2 {
     IERC20 public immutable emissionsToken;
 
     mapping(address => uint256) public ownerToRollOverQueueIndex;
-    QueueItem[] public rolloverQueue;
+    mapping(uint256 => QueueItem[]) public rolloverQueues;
     QueueItem[] public depositQueue;
     mapping(uint256 => uint256) public rolloverAccounting;
     mapping(uint256 => mapping(address => uint256)) public _emissionsBalances;
```