ShadowForce

medium

# User is not protected if funds are low on opposite pool

## Summary
User is not protected if funds are low on opposite pool
## Vulnerability Detail
Let us assume that there is 1 million usd in the premium pool while there is only 1$ in the collateral pool.

additionally let us note that the y2k protocol takes a 5% fee of that 1 million usd. so now the premium pool has 950k usd while the collateral pool has 0.95 usd.

Now when a depeg occurs and premium pool is to be covered by the collaterall pool, since there is only .95 usd in the collateral pool. The collaterall pool will only cover .95 usd of the premium pool's 50,000 usd loss. This effectively renders the y2k protocol useless in case of a depeg and there is an extreme difference in value between the premium and collateral pools.

Not this is still an issue all the way up to the collateral pool value of 50,000. any value of collateral pool below 50,000 in this case will cause a loss to the premium pool.

you can observe that protocol charges 5% fee in the link below.
https://y2k-finance.gitbook.io/y2k-finance/products/earthquake/mechanics#protocol-fee

additionally below is a snippet where the TVL is set and fee is charged.
```solidity
 premiumVault.resolveEpoch(_epochId);
        collateralVault.resolveEpoch(_epochId);

        uint256 epochFee = vaultFactory.getEpochFee(_epochId);

        uint256 premiumTVL = premiumVault.finalTVL(_epochId);
        uint256 collateralTVL = collateralVault.finalTVL(_epochId);

        uint256 premiumFee = calculateWithdrawalFeeValue(premiumTVL, epochFee);
        uint256 collateralFee = calculateWithdrawalFeeValue(
            collateralTVL,
            epochFee
        );

        // avoid stack too deep error by avoiding local variables
        // uint256 premiumTVLAfterFee = premiumTVL - premiumFee;
        // uint256 collateralTVLAfterFee = collateralTVL - collateralFee;

        premiumVault.setClaimTVL(_epochId, collateralTVL - collateralFee);
        collateralVault.setClaimTVL(_epochId, premiumTVL - premiumFee);
```
## Impact
If there is a low value in the collateral pool and and a high value in the premium pool. When a depeg occurs, because the protocol takes a 5% fee. the premium pool will not be covered fully by the collateral vault as is the functionality of the protocol. Therefore this causes the protocol to not behave as intended and a loss of funds for premium pool when they should have been covered by the collaterall pool.
## Code Snippet
https://y2k-finance.gitbook.io/y2k-finance/products/earthquake/mechanics#protocol-fee

https://github.com/Y2K-Finance/Earthquake/blob/736b2e1e51bef6daa6a5ecd1decb7d156316d795/src/v2/Controllers/ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#L87-L124
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
You can adding logic to ensure the premium and collaterall pools are not to far in value.