0xvj

high

# An attacker can take advantage of null epoch to play arbitrage

## Summary
An attacker can take advantage of null epoch where no funds are deposited to collateral vault to play arbitrage by depositing Infinitesimally small value to the collateral vault.

## Vulnerability Detail

During a null epoch where no funds are deposited in the collateral vault, an attacker can take advantage of this situation by depositing an infinitesimally small value to the collateral vault and potentially play arbitrage to make guaranteed profits.

**Attack scenario:**

1. Users deposited funds to the premium vault right after the epoch begins.
2. No users are interested to take risk and deposit in collateral vault so collateral vault has no deposits.
3. Deposit period is about to end and an attacker noticed that collateral vault is empty and premium vault has some funds in it.
4. Now attacker deposits an infinitesimally small fund for example 1 Wei to the collateral vault.
5. Epoch is started.
6. At this state attacker is in a position where make profits in both scenarios  regardless of whether a depeg event occurs or not.
7. If depeg occurs his one wei will be transfered to premium vault and he will get all the funds in the premium vault.
8. If depeg doesn't occurs attacker will get both his 1 wei and funds in the premium vault.


## Impact
An attacker can steal funds of premium vault .

## Code Snippet
## Lines Of Code
`ControllerPeggedAssetV2.triggerDepeg` function:
https://github.com/Y2K-Finance/Earthquake/blob/736b2e1e51bef6daa6a5ecd1decb7d156316d795/src/v2/Controllers/ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#L51-L138

`ControllerPeggedAssetV2.triggerEndEpoch` function:
https://github.com/Y2K-Finance/Earthquake/blob/736b2e1e51bef6daa6a5ecd1decb7d156316d795/src/v2/Controllers/ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#L144-L202


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- To fix this issue an epoch with `collateralTVL < premiumTVL` should be considered a `NullEpoch`.
- Consider the `collateralVault.totalAssets(_epochId) < premiumVault.totalAssets(_epochId)` condition also as a NullEpoch condition by adding that condition to the if block in `collateralVault.triggerDepeg`  and `collateralVault.triggerEndEpoch`  functions so that they will revert if `collateralTVL < premiumTVL`.
```solidity
function triggerDepeg(uint256 _marketId, uint256 _epochId) public {
        address[2] memory vaults = vaultFactory.getVaults(_marketId);

        if (vaults[0] == address(0) || vaults[1] == address(0))
            revert MarketDoesNotExist(_marketId);

        // ...

        // The Fix
        // check if epoch qualifies for null epoch
        if (
            premiumVault.totalAssets(_epochId) == 0  ||
            collateralVault.totalAssets(_epochId) == 0 ||
            collateralVault.totalAssets(_epochId) < collateralVault.totalAssets(_epochId)

        ) {
            revert VaultZeroTVL();
        }

        // ...
    }
```
