ElKu

medium

# There is no upper limit set on epochFee which will result in revert of epoch

## Summary

A new epoch is created for a specific market using the [createEpoch](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/VaultFactoryV2.sol#L137) function in the `VaultFactoryV2` contract. The epochFee is passed as a paramater here. The epochFee is checked to be not zero. But there is no check to keep it less than or equal to 10000 in the function. If its less than 10000, the resolve function will end up in a revert, thus resulting in the funds being stuck. 

## Vulnerability Detail

1. Inside the `createEpoch` function the epoch fee is checked to be not zero:
      `if (_withdrawalFee == 0) revert FeeCannotBe0();`
2. But there is no maximum value restriction placed here. 
3. When the one of the function in the controller is called to resolve the epoch, the [calculateWithdrawalFeeValue]() function is called to calculate the fees. Which basically does: 
`amount.mulDivDown(fee, 10000);`
4. As you can see if the fee is more than 10000, the returned value will be more than the amount of tokens available and these lines, [1](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Controllers/ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#L106-L107) and [2](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Controllers/ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#L177) will revert. 
5. Thus we will be unable to resolve the epoch and thus user funds will be stuck forever. 

## Impact

User funds for the affected epoch being stuck forever. 

## Code Snippet


## Tool used

Manual Review, VSCode.

## Recommendation

Set a maximum limit of 10000 for the withdrawal fee.

`if (_withdrawalFee > 10000) revert FeeTooHigh();`