kenzo

medium

# `mintRollovers` might automatically generate bad rollover entries in which `assets<=relayerFee`, resulting in rollover bricking

## Summary
When minting rollovers, an automatic rollover for the next epoch is also created, of value `assets-relayerFee`.
It is not checked whether this value is 0 or smaller than `relayerFee`.
If it is, then the function will revert when trying to mint rollovers for next epoch,
rendering the whole rollover queue unmintable from that entry on.

## Vulnerability Detail
The issue manifests when the rollover tries to rollover assets that are smaller than `relayerFee`.
Consider the following scenario:
- User has won epoch X.
- User asks to rollover `relayerFee+2` assets from epoch X to epoch X+1.
- When the rollover is being minted, [it mints](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L436) him 2 shares:
```solidity
                    uint256 assetsToMint = queue[index].assets - relayerFee;
                    _mintShares(queue[index].receiver, _epochId, assetsToMint);
```
- `mintRollovers` [continues to create](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L444) an entry in the rollover queue for epoch X+1, for 2 assets. Let's mark this entry "A".
```solidity
                    rolloverQueue[index].assets = assetsToMint;
                    rolloverQueue[index].epochId = _epochId;
```
 **_Note that this is a key for the bug. By himself, the user can't deposit 2 assets or ask to rollover 2 assets. There has to be a minimum of `relayerFee`. But this entry was created automatically by `mintRollovers`, when it generated an additional rollover of value `assets - relayerFee`._**
- Now epoch X+1 finishes. More people queue up to rollover to epoch X+2.
- Somebody tries to call `mintRollovers`. When the function reaches entry "A", it [tries to mint](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L436) `2-relayerFee` assets - which will lead to an arithmetic underflow and revert.
```solidity
                    uint256 assetsToMint = queue[index].assets - relayerFee;
```
Therefore, `mintRollovers` will always revert when it reaches this entry,
and further rollovers will not be possible.

### Bonus: another manifestation of the issue: rolling over from a null epoch
The root cause is described in the previous section, but this issue also manifests differently in the following edge case.

If somebody tries to rollover exactly `relayerFee` assets from a certain epoch, he [is allowed]((https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L740)) to do so. The modifier doesn't revert on equality.
```solidity
    modifier minRequiredDeposit(uint256 _assets) {
        if (_assets < relayerFee) revert MinDeposit();
```
When this rollover entry is minted in `mintRollovers`, it will "mint" to the user `assets-relayerFee` = 0 shares, and automatically create a rollover entry for the next epoch, of 0 assets.
Now imagine that the next epoch ends up being a null epoch.
When `mintRollovers` will be called, first thing the function does [is](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L396) try to calculate `entitledShares` using `previewWithdraw`:
```solidity
                uint256 entitledShares = previewWithdraw(
                    queue[index].epochId,
                    queue[index].assets
```
`previewWithdraw` [will try](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/VaultV2.sol#L366) to divide by `finalTLV`, which is 0, thereby reverting.
```solidity
        entitledAmount = _assets.mulDivDown(claimTVL[_id], finalTVL[_id]);
```
[`mulDivDown`](https://github.com/transmissions11/solmate/blob/main/src/utils/FixedPointMathLib.sol#L44):
```solidity
            // Equivalent to require(denominator != 0 && (y == 0 || x <= type(uint256).max / y))
            if iszero(and(iszero(iszero(denominator)), or(iszero(x), eq(div(z, x), y)))) {
                revert(0, 0)
            }
```
Therefore in this scenario also, the rollover queue will be bricked from this entry onwards.
And actually even if it wouldn't revert on the 0 division, it would revert on the previously mentioned arithmetic underflow.
Mostly mentioning it for completeness, and in case somebody submits this as a different issue.

## Impact
The rollover mechanism would forever be bricked for entries after the bad entry (the automatic generated entry where `assets <= relayerFee`).
Also note that this may happen organically at some point; for example, if a user has initially rolled over `10*relayerFee+1` assets, after 10 rollovers, his rollover amount would be 1, leading to the bricking described above.

Other users might enlist to rollover, their transaction will succeed - so they will assume their assets are insured - but actually they will be out of the insurance.
Although user prinicipal is not lost, rewards of collateral/premium may be lost.

## Code Snippet
Please see interspersed above.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I suggest that if `assetsToMint <= relayerFee`, do not automatically enroll these assets for the next rollover.