roguereddwarf

high

# Carousel: enlistInRollover function sets wrong rollover queue index in the case of updating an existing rollover which bricks the rollover functionality

## Summary
Users can enlist in rollovers using the `Carousel.enlistInRollover` function.

The function allows both creating new entries in the rollover queue and updating existing ones.

The issue is that when an existing entry is updated (which already has an index assigned) a new index is assigned as though a new entry had been created.

## Vulnerability Detail
At the end of the `enlistInRollover` function the index of the user's rollover is updated:
```solidity
ownerToRollOverQueueIndex[_receiver] = rolloverQueue.length; 
```

This is executed when a new entry in the rollover queue is created as well as when an existing entry is updated.

In the case that an existing entry is updated this is wrong.

The correct index is already assigned and it is most likely not `rolloverQueue.length`.

So a user will get associated with the wrong index in the rollover queue.

## Impact
The falsely assigned index can lead to a variety of issues.

A user is no longer able to delist from the rollover (i.e. cancel the rollover) because he is no longer associated with the correct rollover.

Also the user with the wrong index assigned can mess with the rollover of another user.

Also the `notRollingOver` modifier will not provide correct results.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L238-L271

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
The fix is to move the index assignment into the `else` block such that the index is only assigned when a new entry in the rollover queue is created.

Fix:
```diff
diff --git a/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol b/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol
index ed460af..24bfbcc 100644
--- a/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol
+++ b/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol
@@ -264,8 +264,8 @@ contract Carousel is VaultV2 {
                     epochId: _epochId
                 })
             );
+            ownerToRollOverQueueIndex[_receiver] = rolloverQueue.length;
         }
-        ownerToRollOverQueueIndex[_receiver] = rolloverQueue.length;
 
         emit RolloverQueued(_receiver, _assets, _epochId);
     }
```