twicek

high

# `ownerToRollOverQueueIndex` is incorrectly updated when a user call `enlistInRollover` twice

## Summary
`ownerToRollOverQueueIndex` is incorrectly updated when a user call `enlistInRollover` twice with at least another user calling `enlistInRollover` between the two calls.

## Vulnerability Detail
When a user call `enlistInRollover` twice for a given epoch ID and if at least one other user called the function between the two calls, no new items will get pushed to `rolloverQueue` for the user calling twice but `ownerToRollOverQueueIndex` will get updated to the last index of the `rolloverQueue` array.

[Carousel.sol#L253-L268](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L253-L268)
```solidity
        if (ownerToRollOverQueueIndex[_receiver] != 0) {
            // if so, update the queue
            uint256 index = getRolloverIndex(_receiver);
            rolloverQueue[index].assets = _assets;
            rolloverQueue[index].epochId = _epochId;
        } else {
            // if not, add to queue
            rolloverQueue.push(
                QueueItem({
                    assets: _assets,
                    receiver: _receiver,
                    epochId: _epochId
                })
            );
        }
        ownerToRollOverQueueIndex[_receiver] = rolloverQueue.length;
```


Example:
- Alice call `enlistInRollover`.  A new queue item is pushed to the `rolloverQueue` array. `ownerToRollOverQueueIndex` mapping is correctly updated with the `rolloverQueue.length`.
- Bob call `enlistInRollover`. Everything works correctly same as for Alice first call.
- Alice call `enlistInRollover` again. No new item is pushed to `rolloverQueue` array. Queue item members are updated correctly. But `ownerToRollOverQueueIndex` mapping is wrongly updated to `rolloverQueue.length` which is now the index of Bob's queue item.

This has for consequence that Alice can delist Bob's queued item, then Bob can delist the previously last item in the queue, etc.
This also allows Alice to modify Bob's queued item by calling `enlistInRollover` a third time.

An attacker could use this to modify any subsequent queued item in `rolloverQueue` by getting the index as shown in the example, then forcing a user to delist the roll over by setting `rolloverQueue[index].assets` to the max value for the victim (denying withdraws). By calling `delistInRollover` the victim would make the last queued item user the new victim for whom the attacker can modify the queued item, etc.

Also, since the attacker can modify another user queued item, he can purposefully add more `rolloverQueue[index].assets` than the user has of deposited amount, effectively breaking all the roll over system (`mintRollovers` will revert if the victim user doesn't have enough share to burn).

## Impact
An attacker can take advantage of a flaw in the `enlistInRollover` logic, allowing him to break the whole roll over system.


## Code Snippet
[enlistInRollover](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L238-L271)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider updating the `ownerToRollOverQueueIndex` in the else statement:

[Carousel.sol#L253-L268](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L253-L268)
```solidity
        if (ownerToRollOverQueueIndex[_receiver] != 0) {
            // if so, update the queue
            uint256 index = getRolloverIndex(_receiver);
            rolloverQueue[index].assets = _assets;
            rolloverQueue[index].epochId = _epochId;
        } else {
            // if not, add to queue
            rolloverQueue.push(
                QueueItem({
                    assets: _assets,
                    receiver: _receiver,
                    epochId: _epochId
                })
            );
+   	    ownerToRollOverQueueIndex[_receiver] = rolloverQueue.length;
        }
-       ownerToRollOverQueueIndex[_receiver] = rolloverQueue.length;
```