roguereddwarf

high

# Carousel.mintRollovers function loses all profit when rolling over

## Summary
The `Carousel.mintRollovers` function is used to roll over a user's deposit from one epoch to another epoch.
The rollover only happens when the epoch that is rolled over from has ended in a profit:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L396-L401

The issue is that all of the Vault tokens (I'll call them Y2K tokens) will be burnt but only the same amount of Vault tokens will be minted for the next epoch (minus relayerFees which are not important for that matter).

However the Vault tokens have appreciated. So all profit is lost.

## Vulnerability Detail
When depositing into a Vault, the Y2K tokens are minted 1:1 for depositing the underlying asset (say WETH).
I.e. when a user deposits 1 WETH he receives 1 Y2K.

Rollovers are only executed when the user's Y2K tokens have appreciated, i.e. 1 Y2K can be redeemed for more than 1 WETH.

So say 1 Y2K can now be redeemed for 2 WETH.

This means that for the next epoch the user can deposit 2 WETH and mint 2 Y2K.

However the `mintRollover` function treats the Y2K as though it had not appreciated.

The Y2K tokens for the new epoch are minted at a 1:1 ratio for the Y2K tokens of the previous epoch:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L436-L437

As we have seen in the example the user should be minted 2 Y2K tokens for the next epoch instead.

## Impact
When a user's Y2K tokens are rolled over, all profit is lost.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L361-L459

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
The sponsor explained that the intended behavior of the `mintRollovers` function is to not roll over profit.

So say 1 Y2K token is worth 2 WETH.

Then only 1 Y2K token for the next epoch should be minted and the leftover profit of 1 WETH should be withdrawable by the user.
In this example we would need to burn 0.5 Y2K tokens and leave the remaining 0.5 Y2K tokens to the user.

In order to achieve this a new function needs to be implemented that calculates how many old Y2K tokens need to be burnt such that they are worth the correct amount of WETH to mint the same amount of Y2K tokens in the next epoch.

Note: It's probably good to include the relayerFee in the calculation such that the relayerFee that is subtracted does not lead to the user's deposit decreasing from epoch to epoch.