nobody2018

high

# If users won epoch he is rolling over, mintRollovers will cause these users  to lose funds

## Summary

The user deposits an asset in exchange for an equivalent amount of ERC1155 tokens. If the user wins epoch, his ERC1155 tokens can be exchanged for more than the asset he originally deposited. If the user loses epoch, his ERC1155 token is exchanged for less than the asset he originally deposited (maybe 0). `mintRollovers` mint only for who won epoch he is rolling over. However, `mintRollovers` just **equally  exchanged** ERC1155 tokens of the previous epoch for ERC1155 tokens of the new epoch. This is obviously **unfair** to users, and the assets won by users should be returned to users.

## Vulnerability Detail

Let's assume a scenario to illustrate this issue:

1.  new round id is E1, bob deposited 1e18 asset into one collateralVault for E1, then he got 1e18 ERC1155 token(tokenid=E1).
2.  when epoch E1 ended without depeg event, premiumVault's asset was transferred to collateralVault. Assuming `claimTVL[E1]/finalTVL[E1] = 120%`.
3.  bob won this epoch. In other words, he will get 1.2e18 assets when he withdraws using 1e18 ERC1155 token.

The above is a normal situation. Now let's assume another scenario:

1.  new round id is E1, bob deposited 1e18 asset into one collateralVault for E1, then he got 1e18 ERC1155 token(id=E1).
2.  bob called `enlistInRollover(E1, 1e18, bob)`. 
3.  when epoch E1 ended without depeg event, premiumVault's asset was transferred to collateralVault. Assuming `claimTVL[E1]/finalTVL[E1] = 120%`. id of new epoch is E2.
4.  relayer called `mintRollovers(E1, 50)`  to process `rolloverQueue`. 
5.  bob only got `1e18 - relayerFee` erc1155 token for E2.

Bob should have got 0.2e18 assets and `1e18 - relayerFee` erc1155 token for E2. Therefore, bob loses 0.2e18 asset.

## Impact

This issue will cause all users who won epoch in rolloverQueue to lose funds.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L396-L448

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

```solidity
--- a/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol
+++ b/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol
@@ -424,7 +424,10 @@ contract Carousel is VaultV2 {
                             queue[index].assets
                         )
                     );
-
+                    SemiFungibleVault.asset.safeTransfer(
+                        queue[index].receiver, 
+                        entitledShares - queue[index].assets
+                    );
                     emit Withdraw(
                         msg.sender,
                         queue[index].receiver,
```