immeas

high

# winnings for an epoch is lost when rolling over

## Summary
When rolling over winnings are lost and stuck in the vault contract.

## Vulnerability Detail
Imagine a vault with a single user, Alice. Lets disregard, `relayerFee` and emissions as they don't matter for this.

Alice is staking 1 asset token for 1 share in epoch 1. Alice also enlists for rollover to the next epoch with her 1 asset:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L260-L266

Now, Alice wins and the counter party vault sends 2 asset tokens to Alice vault. Now Alice shares for epoch 1 are worth 2 assets.

When the rollover happen Alice shares in epoch 1 are burnt:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L408-L412

and new shares for epoch 2 are minted:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L436-L437

The issue here is that the rollover only rolls over Alice share to the next epoch which in epoch 2 is only worth 1 asset. The 1 asset of winnings is not rolled over and since Alice shares in epoch 1 are burnt she no longer has any claim to them. Hence they will stay in the vault forever since no one else has any claim to them either.

## Impact
Winnings are lost and locked in the winning contract when a user rolls over.

A user can be mindful of this and delist and withdraw but since roll overs is an "afk" feature it can't be expected of them to keep track of this.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Carousel/Carousel.sol#L408-L412

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
One solution is to instead of just burning the shares, withdraw them and then re-deposit in the next epoch. Then no value is lost. Or send the `receiver` the won tokens and re-stake the intended asset amount.