Dug

medium

# A controller does not use vault treasuries

## Summary

A each vault has a `treasury` address stored. However, `ControllerPeggedAssetV2` does not take this treasury into account when moving tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail

Each instance of `ControllerPeggedAssetV2` has an immutable `treasury` address stored. It uses this address to as the destination for fees.

This is in opposition the fact that each vault has it's own `treasury` that is set when it is created and can be updated through the `setTreasury` function. 

## Impact

This creates the issue where updating a `VaultV2` treasury address has no effect. Withdraw fees always go to the `ControllerPeggedAssetV2` treasury address. In fact, as it is, the `treasury` address is not used at all in the `VaultV2` contract.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/VaultV2.sol#L261-L268

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/Controllers/ControllerPeggedAssetV2.sol#L18

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

If the intention is for all fees (deposit & withdraw) to go to a single treasury, then the immutable `treasury` address should be removed from `ControllerPeggedAssetV2` and instead it should send fees to the `VaultV2` treasury address. This way the treasury address is always managed by the `VaultV2` contract.

If the intention is for withdraw fees to go to a different treasury than deposit fees, then the `VaultV2` treasury address (and its related admin functions) should be moved to the `Carousel` as that is the only place it is used.
