Udsen

medium

# USE TWO STEP OWNERSHIP TRANSFER INSTEAD OF SINGLE STEP OWNERHSIP TRANSFER

## Summary

The `onlyOwner` is an important modifier which enables certain functions of the contracts to be only executed by the owner. Hence owner of the contract becomes a major actor in the protocol. Hence when trying to change the ownership account an extra caution should be paid to the process. If wrong account is given the ownership the entire protocol could be broken since onlyOwner modifier functions will not be usable there after.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `TimeLock.sol` contract uses the `changeOwner` function to change the owner of the contract. The `changeOwner` function has the `onlyOwner` modifier which enables the function only to be called by the owner. 

The owner is a pivotal role in the protocol since the functions `queue`, `execute`, `cancel` and `changeOwner` which are the critical functions of the protocol are all restricted by the `onlyOwner` modifier.

If a wrong account is made the owner then all the above `onlyOwner` controlled functions will not be usable. And the owner will not be able to be changed again, since it is also restricted by the `onlyOwner` modifier. Hence one step ownership transfer is extremely risky. 

## Impact

If a wrong account is made the new owner by the current owner the key functionalities of the `TimeLock.sol` contract will be made unusable. This will break the key functionalities of the contract thus affecting the functioning of the other contracts which is depend on the `TimeLock.sol` contract. Hence this will break the entire protocol.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
    function changeOwner(address _newOwner) external onlyOwner {
        if (_newOwner == address(0)) {
            revert AddressZero();
        }
        policy = _newOwner; 
        emit ChangeOwner(_newOwner);
    }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/TimeLock.sol#L171-L177

## Tool used

VSCode and Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use `Ownable2Step.sol` of OpenZeppelin and use the two-step ownership transfer pattern.

In the two step ownership process firstly the current owner makes the new owner the `pending owner` of the contract.
Then the `pending owner` completes the ownerhsip transfer by calling the `_transferOwnership()` function as `msg.sender`.
This eliminates the possibility of wrong account being selected as the new owner.