Delvir0

medium

# Creating another market with the same stablecoin and strikeprice but different collateral token as an existing market will always revert.

## Summary
It's not possible to create multiple markets with same stablecoin/ strikeprice but different underlying asset.
Also replacing a market e.g. USDC/WETH with USDC/WBTC is not possible.
## Vulnerability Detail
There are two scenario's which will be blocked:
1. in the scenario where there is need for another market with the same stablecoin and strikeprice but different underlying asset to exits next to an other market
2. in the scenario where the current market needs to be replaced with an other market that holds the same stablecoin and strikeprice but different underlying asset

VaultFactoryV2.createNewMarket calls `.getMarketId()` to get the marketID for the new market. This function only takes in `_marketCalldata.token` and `_marketCalldata.strike`.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/VaultFactoryV2.sol#L76

`.getMarketId` then returns the kecc of these two variables in an uint256 which will always be the same when the same variables are inputted.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/VaultFactoryV2.sol#L375-L381

After the marketId is calculated, it checks if the market doesn't already exist.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/VaultFactoryV2.sol#L77-L78

While this last check makes sure that a specific can't be created twice, it also disables the ability to have multiple markets with the same stable and strike price but different underlyingasset. 

1. A market is created for USDC/WETH at strikeprice 0.95
2. MarketId is calculated by taking USDC and 0.95. for simplicity lets say that MarketId = 123
3. `marketIdToVaults[marketId]` get filled with `[premium, collateral]`
4. `createNewMarket` is called but this time for USDC/WBTC at strikeprice 0.95
5. MarketId get callculated and is also 123 since USDC and 0.95 are also used here
6. A lookup is done with `marketIdToVaults[marketId][0] != address(0)` to ensure this market does not exist. Since MarketId 123 is inserted here, the if statement will fail making it unable to create an other market
## Impact
Unable to create other markets with same table and strikeprice
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-Y2K/blob/main/Earthquake/src/v2/VaultFactoryV2.sol#L58
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Adjust VaultFactoryV2.getMarketId to calculate marketId by also entering underlying asset.

In `createNewMarket`, add the underlying asset:
`marketId = getMarketId(_marketCalldata.token, _marketCalldata.strike,_marketCalldata.underlyingAsset);`


In `getMarketId`, add the underlying asset in keccack calculation:
` function getMarketId(address token, uint256 strikePrice, address underlyingToken)`
`return uint256(keccak256(abi.encodePacked(token, strikePrice,underlyingToken)));`